Added `TxPointer` to `Mint` transaction (#423)
FuelLabs/fuel-specs: specs/protocol/tx_format.md

> ## TransactionMint

Reviewer: Woops. This change should make the ToC above proper.

```suggestion
### TransactionMint
```

The transaction is created by the block producer and is not signed.

> It is alive only during block execution, so all fields must be set upon creation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It's not usable outside of block creation or execution, so all fields must be fully set upon creation without any zeroing.
```

> The transaction is created by the block producer and is not signed.
> It's not usable outside of block creation or execution, so all fields must be fully set upon creation without any zeroing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The transaction is created by the block producer and is not signed. Since it is not usable outside of block creation or execution, all fields must be fully set upon creation without any zeroing.
```

| name            | type                     | description                                          |
|-----------------|--------------------------|------------------------------------------------------|

> | `txPointer`     |  [TXPointer](#txpointer) | The location of the `Mint` transaction in the block. |

Reviewer: Will require re-formatting the table I think.

```suggestion
| `txPointer`     | [TXPointer](#txpointer) | The location of the `Mint` transaction in the block. |
```

## TXPointer

> The location of the transaction in the block. It can be used by utxos
> as a reference to the transaction or by the transaction itself to make it unique.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The location of the transaction in the block. It can be used by UTXOs as a reference to the transaction or by the transaction itself to make it unique.
```
